doc enhancements for migrated v2 apps (#5209)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/web-servers/nginx-plus-ingress.md

<AppInstall/>

## Viewing Nginx Plus Ingress Dashboards

> import ViewDashboards from '../../reuse/apps/view-dashboards.md';

Reviewer: install app needs to use the resuable section

The **Nginx Plus Ingress - Web Server Operations** dashboard provides a high-level view combined with detailed information on the top ten bots, geographic locations, and data for clients with high error rates, server errors over time, and non 200 response code status codes. Dashboard panels also show information on server error logs, error log levels, error responses by a server, and the top URIs responsible for 404 responses.

Use this dashboard to:
* Gain insights into Client and Server Responses on the Nginx Server. This helps you identify errors in the Nginx Server.

> * To identify geo-locations of all Client errors. This helps you identify client location causing errors and helps you to block client IPs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To identify geolocations of all Client errors. This helps you identify client locations causing errors and helps you to block client IPs.
```
